Here,
SIL Guys Welcome Edition, in today's video I am going to
tell you all that
if you have made a claim in ICICI Lombard or have purchased a
prince, then how do you
manage the insurance from that account, you can use
only one application, Jeevan
Superintendent and manage it and you will be
able to click on the activity, so a full
detail is given in the same video, how do you
click on Uttam, then how do you
use the I'm Take Care application, so guys please
watch this video till the end so that you can get full information, so
before moving ahead in this video,
put in my name, I am their, you are seeing
an invention, so start the Adipos admission,
please pay attention here, so
guys it is available in Google Play Store, you
can install the I'm Take Care application on WhatsApp or you have to open the Old is Gold
Simple app, then tell Garima,
whichever number
is registered in your insurance, you have to login with the simple initials,
so guys I have done a complete
login here, while logging in,
you must be correct  Give valid proof, which means whatever is the date of
birth, whatever is the name, simply you should
submit it correctly, only then your
first application is better than correct, you can see it here,
as the current affairs section opens, there is an
application for such a body of vaccine,
so here you can see that this
policy name, complete health insurance,
whatever is kept in your policy, be it of this company,
whether it is an I policy or a car policy, you
get some Sarpanch options, if you want to search for a network
hospital for network hospitalization, you have to
click on network, here you will get the option of the hospital which is
serviceable in your area, so
you
can do it as per your convenience, Abhinav Pandey,
at this time you will be able to take out, here
you get the motor policy, by going to the policy, you will get the
motor policy, so there is an
option of health policy here, so that you have
purchased the health policy on the world,
regarding the same, those who will show you, so here the
expiry date, that is, till when will the policy last for
you, is started first,
if you want to checkup connect full
details here, then how  Simple you have to
click on the viewer's details, after
clicking on it you will see the health policy
gender along with its means and how much
your insurance does not depend on taking leave of Airtel,
you will get full
information as well as how much
percentage you have used or how much
percentage you have used from the sum insured,
here you will get the leftover information by scrolling down, the
date of birth or policy
number, card number,
all the details are shown here along with the name, so let
me tell you this, if you have not added a
new policy, you have purchased it in
future, then you simply click on the policy here and click on
add members, then you can
purchase your policy, simply you have to add the
employee ID in the company on the search pull here, in
this way
you have to process the computer, now if
you want to invest then you can
click on it
or you can do it with the help of this application
Why do you think so, here you
get an option, set up challenge reddy
clean site, in the same way
you get different options here and guys, I have
kept a monk here and on the skin, if you are facing
any problem with this
company, then you have to complain on
this number, you can
contact on this number, you will get the solution, you
can talk to the customer support educated on your stand send call, so guys, I have given a
lot of details about
how
you can check out any policy by using identification,
how much sum is insured in your policy,
how much percentage has been used,
then for how long is it valid or which member's
policy is it, then you can now track the gas company through
this application, if you have
your insurance in ICICI Lombard, then
go in the morning, hope you liked it and if it has
helped, then guys, please like this video,
definitely subscribe to the certified channel,
why keep bringing such web content for all of you, so see you
in the next video, till then bye
tech  Care friends and need thanks